---
title: "Twelve"
pubDate: 2025-03-23T00:00:00-05:00
snippet: "Reflecting on twelve years of marriage, the magic of the number twelve, and how time can feel both vast and fleeting when sharing life's adventures with your perfect partner"
heroImage: "/src/assets/images/blog/2025-03-23-twelve.png"
tags: [family, life, kiddo]
---
Twelve. That's a bunch. Yet at the same time not a ton.

There are twelve months in a year.<br/>
Twelve eggs in a dozen.<br/>
Twelve hours on a clock face.<br/>
Twelve inches in a foot.<br/>
Twelve days of Christmas.<br/>
Twelve grades in school.<br/>
Twelve ribs in the human ribcage<br/>
Twelve members of a jury.

So many things come in twelves!

For me, many other things also come in twelve.

Some of those things are; laughing, playing bored games, reading books together, camping near the beach, hiking in the Blue Hills, biking along bike paths, moving to new places, watching movies or TV shows, going to see art shows, going out to see music, long drives across multiple states, adopting a pet, losing a pet, crying, cooking new dishes, arguing about silly things, talking about serious things, battling mice, finding rivers to boat on, eating too much pizza, selling cars, purchasing cars, medical scares, having a child, being way too tired to do much of anything, being goofy, thinking about the future, remembering the past, making new friends, meeting new family, traveling, learning a lot about trains, snuggling, dreaming, and oh so much more.

Today was my twelfth anniversary with my partner. It feels amazing that twelve years have gone by already, but it also feels like we've done so much in so little time. How does that even work? Anyways, I'm excited for the next twelve and however many more beyond that.