---
pubDate: 2026-05-24T23:00:00Z
heroImage: "/src/assets/images/blog/2026-05-24.png"
---

Well, it's official, I didn't really like the day-by-day writing. it did feel too much like just catching up on the day, and that's not really what I want this to be.

So what do I want this to be? Well, I would love for it to be me thinking back on the week and writing about that, or something that stood out to me, or whatever is on my mind when I write this. Just anything and possibly everything. So let's get back to that!

This week has seen my body do weird things. Last time I mentioned that I am getting swelling parts of my body and that the doctor thinks it's an allergic reaction. Well this past week has seen both hands, both feet, my back, my armpit, and the back of my leg all swell up. Some are hives, some are just swelling. It's super annoying, and can be super itchy. I'm loving it. I need to see if I can get an earlier allergist appointment so I can possibly get some relief from this.

This week also saw the start of our summer vacation! Well, not all of ours. The kiddo's summer vacation started this week, we just have to deal with it. That's the silly thing about being an adult with kids, you need to find a way to do work, but also take care of your kid, so you stick them in camps that don't have ideal hours for you to get to work. Nothing in this life lines up with another thing. If your work starts at 9am, school or camp starts at 9:30am and get's out at 4pm when you usually stop working at 5pm. Why is this? why can't there be some more consistency with these systems?

Speaking of systems, I started working on a website for facilities such as gyms. It will manage checking in members/guests, selling memberships and retail items, programs, waivers and all that good stuff. I'm pretty excited as to how good it's going. I think it could be something good, but it's still in early stages so we will see how it goes.

Next I want to work on an app for work to keep track of swimming lessons and the people who take them. There is currently no way to track who takes a class for instructors! This just seems bonkers to me. Instructors don't know if a student has taken past classes at the same facility, any of the notes that the previous instructor made, what the student worked on, excelled at, needs to work more on. Everything is paper and goes with the student! I can't imagine that, well I can, but I don't like it. I would want so much data on each student!

I may not know what I want to do with my life, work-wise, but I am definitely getting a ton of ideas on stuff I want to create. I do like that, and it feels good. As with most things, there just isn't enough time for all of it and one thing takes away time from another thing. Oh well, all I can do is try my hardest.

This next week looks to be pretty rainy around here. I had wanted to get back into biking to work, but that might not be the case for me. With this skin thing going on I've been pretty stagnant lately. I've still been walking around the pool at work, but that's not enough and I am not able to do it every day. I need to forge ahead and just get physical despite the rain.

I'm going to leave things there for now. Until next time, good luck out there!

**Reading:**
- _Rock, Paper, Incisors_, by Amy Timberlake
- _The Fellowship of the Ring_, by J.R.R. Tolkien
- _Platform Decay_, by Mary Roach
- _Becoming_, by Michelle Obama
- _On the Edge of the Sea of Darkness_, by Andrew Peterson

**Watching:**
- _Your Friends & Neighbors_, season 2
- _For All Mankind_, season 5
- _Criminal Record_, season 1
- _Andor_, season 1