---
pubDate: 2026-03-29T00:00:00-05:00
heroImage: "/src/assets/images/blog/2026-03-29.png"
---

What a week this has been! I have really stepped up my workouts and my legs are letting me know. I realized that I do a lot of legs workouts/activities: biking, running, walking, and swimming. Swimming works more than the legs, but they're still in there. By today my legs were tired and calling for rest! I've got to figure out a way to get my upper body into the mix so it doesn't atrophy...

It was our anniversary this week: 13 years. Feels like a long time, but also no time at all. They've been good, I just wish the years would stop going by so quickly. I want things to slow down so I can enjoy it more. It always feels like I'm playing catch-up.


Being unemployed again has been fun. No jobs that I see are calling to me. I signed up for [Flex Jobs](https://www.flexjobs.com/) this week to see if anything on there will work. Same thing though, nothing I see inspires me. Also I keep putting "entry level" on the job experience, and I get jobs back such as **therapist**! How is that an entry level job?! Anyways, those are easy ones to ignore because I know that without a lot of schooling I am not qualified. Maybe they need a sub-filter for entry level, qualifications.

I've started working on my pollinator garden. Maybe that's not the right phrase. I've been removing all the plants. Everything must go! Except for one plant, my coral honeysuckle. That one can stay because when I planted it it was the tiniest thing and it took two years to actually show a bloom. My plan is to remove 99% of the plants and then replace them all with new, actually native plants.

We went to the No Kings rally on Saturday. We finally made it on time, too. We were always late to the previous ones and people would already be clearing out. This time we made it for the march, and the talking. Though we couldn't hear the talking. Bad speaker setup. It felt great to see so many people there. I have mixed feelings about the funny signs though, It's feeling like the signs are the reason some people go. That's great, but let's not lose sight of the message. Also the signs get the rallies more "airtime", so maybe I just need to suck it up and deal.

We've started watching the Pirates of the Caribbean movies. I had no idea that there were five of them. When did that happen?! Yeargh!

**Reading:**
- _The Fellowship of the Ring_
- _Crooked Kingdom_
- _Becoming_
- _Wings of Fire: The Flames of Hope_

**Watching:**
- _Mythic Quest_, season 4
