---
pubDate: 2026-04-12T00:00:00-05:00
heroImage: "/src/assets/images/blog/2026-04-12.png"
---

I slacked a bit and didn't write this on time for this week. Oops! Sundays might not be the best day to write these.

What I know is that it was a busy week. Lots of work, lots of home stuff, applying to jobs, cleaning stuff out of the house, feeling down in the dumps, and watching too much TV.

I've cancelled our family YouTube membership and that will officially end this week. Commercials, yuck! I also removed it from our Apple TVs, so we will be watching less of that, which I think is ultimately a good thing. I also shut off the heat/AC recently so we don't have to pay for that because it's been so nice out. Of course a couple of days after I make that change the weather gets super cold at night and we're all cold in our beds, but it feels lovely during the day. Oh well, it saves us money and that's what we're short on these days.

I really wish that there was a grocery store app that told you what grocery store, local to you as the user, had the best prices on items. Right now I'm trying to cut down on our grocery spending by going to WalMart, Aldi, and Ingles. The only problem is I don't know who has the best prices on each item. Some are obvious such as non-fat plain greek yogurt (Aldi wins here), but other items such as blueberries are a different story. Those change price wildly depending on the day, the location, and the weight. Why can't there just be one app that tells you where the best price on an item is?! Of course I know the answer, the grocery stores don't want that info out there because then they lose money, but still.

I'm also working on a proposal for a new lottery that will be better for more people. It's been something I've thought about for a while, but only recently started to really think about and plan out. Not sure what a lottery proposal looks like, but I'm going to make one up as I go.

My legs are sore. I still do too many leg exercises each week and not enough other exercises. Let me just add that to the to-do list...

Oh well, until next time, good luck out there!

**Reading:**
- _The Fellowship of the Ring_
- _Crooked Kingdom_
- _Becoming_
- _Wings of Fire: The Flames of Hope_

**Watching:**
- _Monarch: Legacy of Monsters_, season 2
- _For All Mankind_, season 5
- _Daredevil: Born Again_, season 2
- _Mythic Quest_, season 4
