---
pubDate: 2026-04-05T00:00:00-05:00
heroImage: "/src/assets/images/blog/2026-04-05.png"
---

The garden extraction(?) has been going well. Slow, but well. I am slowed by my time and motivation, as well as my storage for the plants I am taking out. I have four plastic trash bins that I fill up and when they are all full, bring to the Transfer Station. Right now I have four very heavy bins that I need to bring there.

Once I get all the plants out and move the stepping stones, I will need to do a new arbor for the honeysuckle. Then I can put in some nice new soil, then plant some things in there. I just met a person who can supply me with some mountain mint, which I have been wanting for a while.

I also, finally, checked on my spice bush. I had moved it last September so it wouldn't get trampled by some plumbers doing work in the yard. Then I left it all winter. I checked it this week and it's got new leaves and looks to be thriving! I'm super excited about that. The leaves smell great, though you may need to grind it between your fingers a little bit to really get the smell. Same goes for the mountain mint.

Finally got out and did a couple games of disc golf. It's such lovely weather for it these days. Cool in the shade, warmer in the sun. The poison ivy isn't really out, nor are the other shrubs, so getting a disc in a bunch of bushes feels less hazardous than in the summer.

I started catching up shows this week. Daredevil, Monarch, and For All Mankind all had episodes to watch. I caught up on all of them, and this feels like the right time to do it. When I have not a lot of other work to do. There are even more shows to watch, and movies! My queue of things to watch has gotten long and this feels like the time to reduce the length.

We're still working through all the Pirates of the Caribbean movies. Again, when did they make 5?! Also watched Sinners this week. Vampires! That was a good movie. I definitely recommend.

I've made it well over 200 hours playing Arc Raiders, and [streaming it](https://www.youtube.com/@mechascopic). Though now I realize that since I've started streaming it I feel less inclined to play it and not stream it. Kind of put myself in a pickle there. Oh well. Still enjoying it, though with the new update this week there are an amazing number of Arc on the screen at once! I have been ganged up on so much. Plus the rats who come out in a PVE lobby and shoot you has gone up. Curious why that is. Rats.

Trying to up my looking-for-a-job game. It can be so depressing. Especially when you try to find a job that fits the schedule that your family has been living on for several years. I'm thinking of looking for a job that I can do whenever, not on a 9–5 schedule. I'm sure those are hard to come by because I imagine everybody would want a job like that.

Until I find a new job I've had to end things with my therapist. Health care is a whole topic, I know. It just feels wrong to have to stop seeing a therapist when one isn't making enough money and might start to feel depressed or have to deal with harder things. That feels like the best time to see a therapist. Everything just feels topsy-turvy these days. I can't wait to start putting my energy towards things that actually feel like a good use of my time.

**Reading:**
- _The Fellowship of the Ring_
- _Crooked Kingdom_
- _Becoming_
- _Wings of Fire: The Flames of Hope_

**Watching:**
- _Monarch: Legacy of Monsters_, season 2
- _For All Mankind_, season 5
- _Daredevil: Born Again_, season 2
- _Mythic Quest_, season 4
