---
pubDate: 2026-03-22T00:00:00-05:00
heroImage: "/src/assets/images/blog/2026-03-22.png"
---

I am, once again, on the job hunt! The climbing gym said my position wasn't viable going forward, so that's cool. Got that email (an email!) on Thursday morning. Leadership has always been a bit bananas there. Yes yes, I know I was part of that at one point. Getting let go one morning via email without a real conversation about it makes sense with how things had been run for the past year. Plus with everything I put into that job, it's just typical.

No need to dwell on that because it's ultimately a good thing. It does mean I need to find another job because as much as I like the pool, it does not pay nearly enough. It does give me plenty of steps every shift. For my shift yesterday I walked 23,000 steps! That did hurt my feet though, thanks to my flip-flops. I'm thinking I may need some better footwear. For now, until I get a new job, flip-flops will suffice. I did get trained on opening and closing the pool, so that's good. More shift opportunities for me.

We finished watching all of the Indiana Jones movies this week. Those were good to watch again, especially with a the kiddo who had obviously never seen them before. We also started watching the Pirates of the Caribbean movies this week. Thank goodness for Spring Break!

I've hit 200 hours playing Arc Raiders. I found myself getting a little grumpy about not finding loot the other day. Just so many people load into a raid and run right to where loot is, and if you spawn in late, or in a bad location, you have no chance to find anything good. So frustrating! I still enjoy the game, just wish I could make more progress and had more time to play it. Oh, the other issue is that I only play it when I can stream it, which restricts the amount I can play. Oh well, these are the choices I made. I could also start a second account to play not-on-stream with.

I got some work done in the garden this week. I pulled a bunch of plants that I do not want in the pollinator garden. There are plenty more to remove, but these were some big ones. I want to start the whole thing over, which means taking up a bunch of stuff I did plant, but also a bunch of stuff that was just in there. I've been thinking about putting nothing but milkweed in there, but I think I would like some more variety.

My garden in the front is not showing any signs of coneflowers growing. It's just got grass growing from the hay I put on it over winter. Oh well, I learned a lesson there. Don't use hay for garden beds. I have to find some time to take that garden up as well and restart it. Not sure yet what to put in there, but I'll figure that out. It did make me think that perhaps I should make a native plant finder for one's location. Some sort of webapp. I've been working a lot on webapps lately, hoping to make some money off of them. It's a losing battle though. Lots of effort, low output. Plus Google AdSense thinks everything is Low Value Content. What does that even mean?! It's like a bad error message in the console. No info and no way to fix it. For as nice as Google is with certain things, they fail miserably on others. Don't get me started on Google Maps.

The weather is getting nicer and we went for a nice hike today at the Carl Sandburg home. Will need to spend more time there, but it was a good first hike of the year. I look forward to many more in 2026.

**Reading:**
- _The Lord of the Rings_
- _Crooked Kingdom_
- _A Promised Land_
- _Wings of Fire: The Flames of Hope_

**Watching:**
- _Mythic Quest_, season 4
