---
pubDate: 2026-04-26T00:00:00-05:00
heroImage: "/src/assets/images/blog/2026-04-26.png"
---

This was a extremely busy week. I worked six out of the seven days and there were lots of activities before and after working. I am beat today.

I have to figure out a better way to work out. With all the biking, walking, and running every day feels like "leg day". I need to spread that out a bit more so the rest of me gets worked out as well.

I've applied to two extra jobs at the Y. One at the front desk with Membership, and the other in Wellness, which is the fitness area. If I get them both I'll be full up on jobs! Mabe not income though... I need to figure that out so I know what to expect, but that will be hard to do until I know about how many hours a week I can work.

I'm still struggling with what I should actually do for work. Should I learn something then try to get a job in that? Should I continue with many little part-time jobs? Should I try to get back into web development? I do feel like I'm hitting a "mid-life" crisis, of sorts. As a family we've been watching _Malcolm in the Middle_. It's been fun, and I'm surprised by how well I remember the episodes. There have been some episodes recently where the talk has been about how smart Malcolm is and that in the future he will be fine no matter what. In one of the episodes he had a nightmare where he was doing every job. He was a police officer, the bus driver, the office worker, the construction worker, etc.. I can definitely relate to that. When I was younger I did not do well in school, despite being bright. My parents had my IQ tested and ithe test came back with my IQ being 145 though the tester thought it would be higher because I didn't trust myself to answer some questions and she could sense that. Unfortunately hearing that number wasn't helpful. I think a person can be bad at learning and testing (✋), but also have a high IQ. Instead of getting other help I continued to trudge on, failing, or nearly failing, a lot of classes. I graduated high school, but barely. And I did not go to college. I think it would have been a waste of time and money because I didn't know what I would want to study. Being bright, and being able to pick things up quickly, allowed me to get by without really applying myself. Unfortunately by the time I straightened up I was already in the real world.

Uh oh... I've lost my train of thought. Anyways I am feeling as if I am living the nightmare that Malcolm had about his future. What do I do? The number of choices are overwhelming. And where should I apply myself, there are so many areas that I find interesting, but I don't know how to turn any of them into a position that helps us out financially. Plus after getting laid-off in 2024 and sending out 150 resumes in six months to get zero responses was demoralizing. I think I'm afraid of putting my time, energy, and hope into that. What if I go another six months with nothing??

This got dark, fast. In the interim I am hopeful for the two positions at the Y. I think I could be good at both of them, and more money wouldn't be bad either.

I've continued to clear out the pollinator garden, but got waylaid by some giant roots from an old stump that were burried under ground. Notice I said "were". I mostly got them out! Things are looking good down there, for an almost 10'x10' dirt patch... It feels good to be getting back to gardening though. I just fear that I will miss this season altogether and have to plan on having it ready for 2027.

Until next time, good luck out there!

**Reading:**
- _The Fellowship of the Ring_
- _Project Hail Mary_
- _Becoming_
- _On the Edge of the Sea of Darkness_

**Watching:**
- _Your Friends & Neighbors_, season 2
- _Monarch: Legacy of Monsters_, season 2
- _For All Mankind_, season 5
- _Daredevil: Born Again_, season 2
- _Maul_, season 1
- _Ahsoka_, season 1
