---
title: "Random Thoughts"
pubDate: 2026-02-08T00:00:00-05:00
snippet: "Snow!"
heroImage: "/src/assets/images/blog/2026-02-08.png"
tags: ["life", "work"]
---

This photos is of some wallpaper that was in a house we looked at for some relatives. The room was supposed to be a kitchen, though it only had a sink in it and no windows. Next to the sink was an enclosed space that housed the water heater, and on the walls for it was this wallpaper. It was amazing. Nobody is buying this house.

This has been an interesting week. I am no longer working full-time and it's nice having more of my life back, though I wish I was still making money. We actually had a full weekend of family time! I haven't had that in a long time. I've started looking at jobs, but if I'm not going back into a developer role the channels I used before don't work so well. Or at least I don't know how to best use them for something other than web development jobs. I suppose I have a bit to learn.

The weather has been nicer this week and not as cold as it had been. That means I've started walking the dog on more big walks, and it feels great! Though now that I'm not working I haven't been running quite so much, which isn't great. I suppose that as I get back into a routine and the weather gets nicer I can just move outside for my runs. The treadmill is nice, but it's not real life. Some hills and better scenery would be much welcome on my runs.

Spelling bees are fun to watch, and pretty amazing! So many little kids remembering some pretty amazing words that I don't even know if I would know how to spell if I hadn't practiced.

Morning couch snuggles with the cats and dog are very nice and I have missed them. It's nice to have them back again, even if they will go away once I have another job.

Arc Raiders is still fun, though I don't get to play it as much as I would like. I need to make a choice, play Arc Raiders or get more sleep... You can watch me play over on <a href="https://www.twitch.tv/mechascopic" target="_blank">Twitch</a>!