---
pubDate: 2026-06-28T23:00:00Z
heroImage: "/src/assets/images/blog/2026-06-28.png"
---

I am no longer a bachelor! It was nice while it lasted, but it's nice to have everybody back in the house. Though my free time just disappeared... how odd.

No more welts on my body since upping my dose, which is awesome news.

I've been working so much lately, I think I had something like 14 days straight on the calendar. Today was a break though, no work at all, huzzah!

So I had an interview sort of thing this week for that other job I've mentioned. It was a shadowing thing, but I feel like also an interview, of sorts. I think it went well. I talked with the person currently in the position for a couple hours about their day-to-day activities, what they like about the job, their work history, etc.. I really enjoyed talking with them and I hope this leads to me getting the position. I think it would be a good fit, and the extra stability would be nice. I would feel sad about leaving my current job and not being around all the people I currently work with. I do like them all, and it's a fun place to work. But I wouldn't be leaving on bad terms, and I would still have interactions with them, just not as often. So maybe I just look at it as I'm adding to my current group of nice coworkers. I like that, that's how I'm going to look at it.

It's been pretty warm here, so we've had the AC on, but thankfully the dehumidifier has been gone so it's nice and quiet in the house. Minus all the noise beings living in it make. It would be nice to put the living room back together and clear out the stuff from the living room from the sunroom. I just have to have patience, it will be done soon enough.

We have a big whiteboard calendar in our kitchen that has the current week and the next four on it. The first day of school is now on it, so Summer is officially on the way out for us. I know it continues for a while, but we will be back in our year-round routine. I do like a routine, but Summer feels so quick and I don't know that we did all that we wanted to in it. I suppose that's why we have the rest of the year to do those things.

I forgot to publish last week's post so I am posting it today with this one. I've got to get better about that, if only the weekends weren't so precious!

Until next time, good luck out there!

**Reading:**
- _The Fellowship of the Ring_, by J.R.R. Tolkien
- _The Ending Writes Itself_, by Evelyn Clarke
- _Accidentally on Purpose_, by Kristen Kish
- _The Hybrid Prince (Wings of Fire, Book 16)_, by Tui T. Sutherland

**Watching:**
- _Sugar_, season 1
- _Futurama_, season 1
- _The Bear_, season 4