---
pubDate: 2026-06-07T23:00:00Z
heroImage: "/src/assets/images/blog/2026-06-07.png"
---

Another week and more hives! I have an appointment with the allergist next week. I'm excited about that, and maybe putting too much hope in the fact that I will get some answers. I know that there is no "magic bullet" to "solve" what I've been experiencing, but I'm still hoping.

We are still living with a giant, and loud, dehumidifyer in the house. We all hate it because it's so loud, but we all appreciate the hard work it's doing. I can't wait to have silence though.

Work has been work. I shadowed some shifts in Wellness and that should be a good addition to my hours. Of course they schedule out a whole month, so June is spoken for, but come July I can be on the schedule! Nothing has happened yet with my third job. Petience.

I've ben working on a couple development projects lately that I am excited about. One is Dogeared, the book reading/tracking/community website. The other is a SaaS website to help facilities manage customers, sell memberships/day-passes, and have a class schedule. I think it's coming along nicely, but time is always the issue. I'm almost at a spot where I need testers. Not facility testers, but users who know what a facility like that might need and to run it through it's paces to see what I missed and what needs extra work. I am just realizing that I should generate an email template so I can easily send out emails to testers that contains a bunch of good information for them and how I want feedback. Huzzah, more work for me! I knew I was taking on a lot of work, so I can't really complain. I like it!

I also asked my dad if he would want to come up with a new design for Dogeared, I had AI create the current placeholder. He said yes so we're in the process of going over his sketches and refining. It's fun, I hope this project can take off. Plus it goes hand-in-hand with me wanting to open a bookstore at some point.

On that note I go back and forth wondering if it should be a generalist bookstore (which is what I am leaning towards), or if it should be mostly Sci-Fi and Fantasy (my favorite genres). I see benefits to both, and perhaps my reading will change and I will like another genre in the future. Or maybe having a generalist bookstore will be too much and not enough focus? Things to think about as I plan longer-term.

I'm also thinking about starting up a Quaker Meeting for Worship in our backyard. A once-a-month thing where we can recenter and start to create a community of like-minded folks. We went to a Meeting the week before and it was nice, but it was a 30 minute drive, which I know isn't a lot, but that's an hour of driving and there goes our whole Sunday. Granted having it here in our backyard might cut down ion the driving time, but it brings other complications to the mix. Still more to talk about here, too.

I'm getting closer to building our compost bins. I really want to get going on this, but what with all the hives and swelling I haven't felt like doing much of anything. Again, I hope the allergist will have some help for me.

Until next time, good luck out there!

**Reading:**
- _Rock, Paper, Incisors_, by Amy Timberlake
- _The Fellowship of the Ring_, by J.R.R. Tolkien
- _The Kaiju Preservation Society_, by John Scalzi
- _Class Clown_, by Dave Barry
- _On the Edge of the Sea of Darkness_, by Andrew Peterson

**Watching:**
- _Your Friends & Neighbors_, season 2
- _Criminal Record_, season 2
- _Palm Royal_, season 1
- _Andor_, season 1