---
pubDate: 2026-03-01T00:00:00-05:00
heroImage: "/src/assets/images/blog/2026-03-01.png"
---

Cleaning things up this week, that's what we're doing. We've removed the tags, they were silly, and removed the titles in place of numbering posts. I like it. It's cleaner and more straightforward. Makes me have to think of less, but also clears away the clutter. What were those tags doing anways?

It was a full week this week. I've accepted another part-time job. This time it's IT type work. I'll be working on systems and computers and some web work. So stuff I already know I can do and like doing. That's going to fill in around my lifeguarding job. 

I had my first lifeguard shift this week! That was fun, though it was short and I was just shadowing another lifeguard. That's okay, it's a start. This upcoming week will be light on lifeguarding, but I can fill the time with plenty of other stuff, including more IT work.

Went to a music show on Tuesday evening. Drinks and a show with a good friend that I dont get to see enough what with life-things getting in the way. Anyways it was great to hang out and talk. Feels like sometimes we don't get to actually talk, but not this time. It felt great. The show was good as well. Saw Makaya McCraven perform in an old church-type place. It was a very nice venue, but a little hot. They need a Big Ass Fan in there. Or even a small ass fan... Anyways, it was good and I had a good time with my friend.

The problem wwith going out like that is that it's always at night, and I'm tired, and the next day gets harder to deal with. I can 't do that too often these days, I'm no longer able to stay up until 1am all the time. Not that I ever should have, it's not good for you!

The weather is clearning up and that's nice because I so want to get outside more, and in the backyard. I miss the yard and it's fallen into disrepair. So much gardening to do. Just so much work to do. My list of things to do out in the yard continues to grow longer and longer.

Cleaned out the garage yesterday which felt amazing. It so quickly becomes a place to just put stuff. Out of sight, out of mind. The back of the van is filled with items that need to get thrown away but are too big for regular old trash bags, so I have a trip to the Transfer Station in my future.

Saw this TRUCK sign today. What does it mean? What is one supposed to do when one sees this sign? So many questions.

**Listening to:**
- [What I listened to last week](https://music.apple.com/us/playlist/weekly-playlist-9/pl.u-W2yA3IdvLyWJ)

**Reading:**
- _The Lord of the Ring_
- _Six of Crows_
- _A Promised Land_
- _Wings of Fire: The Dangerous Gift_

**Watching:**
- _Bad Sisters_