---
pubDate: 2026-04-19T00:00:00-05:00
heroImage: "/src/assets/images/blog/2026-04-19.png"
---

As the weather gets warmer it feels like the days just get fuller and fuller! Though this week the days were too warm, why are we getting over 80ºF in early April?! At least today was a shift, colder and windier today, though the wind keeps reminding me that I need to make a new trellis for my coral honeysuckle because what I currently have continues to blow over.

The kiddo and I went to FanWing Fest yesterday, a whole day of activities surrounding the book series Wings of Fire. Tons of kids dressed as dragons, loving dragons, drawing dragons, talking dragons. It was pretty awesome, and the first thing like this that I had ever gone to. Let's just say that if I see more on the horizon I will be getting tickets. With our tickets we ended up getting the latest hardcover book in the series, and the latest graphic novel in the series, so that was a nice bonus.

Speaking of books, we had a parent-teacher conference on Friday and the teacher said that kids don't know the classics anymore. So later that day the kiddo and I went to Barnes & Noble and purchased several classics: Aesop's Fables, The Odyssey, Treasure Island, Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, and Lord of the Flies. It will be nice to read those, and also have them around for kiddo to read, maybe over the summer. They actually picked out The Odyssey because of a podcast, Greeking Out, that they listen to. We will see if they read it.

Other than that it was a regular week. Errands, working out, hanging out, too much TV watching (but so many good shows!) and working. I applied for another job to help supplement the lifeguarding. It's a front-desk job, which I've done before. Fingers crossed that I can get that and get some more hours every week so I make more than just a few hundred. We could really use it.

I've been working in the garden trying to clear out the pollinator garden. It's slow going, as I believe I've mentioned, but now I am about 2/3 done! Next thing is to make the new arbor for the honeysuckle. Still not sure how I'm going to do that. I need to sketch up some plans.

Until next time, good luck out there!

**Reading:**
- _The Fellowship of the Ring_
- _Bunny_
- _Becoming_
- _On the Edge of the Sea of Darkness_

**Watching:**
- _Monarch: Legacy of Monsters_, season 2
- _For All Mankind_, season 5
- _Daredevil: Born Again_, season 2
- _Invasion_, season 3
- _Maul_, season 1
- _Ahsoka_, season 1
