---
pubDate: 2026-03-15T00:00:00-05:00
heroImage: "/src/assets/images/blog/2026-03-15.png"
---

I'm no longer feeling sick! That's always an awesome feeling, a refreshed feeling one you stop feeling sick. I just don't want to put up with the sick part beforehand. Oh well...

Everything around here is starting to bloom! We have two flowering trees in our back yard, along with flowering bushes, and both of them are already in bloom! It was extra beautiful when we woke up to a dusting of snow. The ground was white, the flowers were white, and everything else was green and looking like Spring. Super weird weather. Also, why are we having to wear jackets?? Stay calm, Spring is right around the corner and after that is Summer and it will be way too hot for most things. Enjoy the now.

With the nice weather we were playing **Egg** on the trampoline. Here is how you play Egg: One person gets on the floor of the trampoline and holds onto their legs. You can start sitting on your butt, or on your side, or on your back. I prefer on my side. The other person jumps on the trampoline and tries to "break the egg", or make you let go of your legs. It's pretty fun, though try not to bounch on anybody's head, I keep getting nervous mine is going to get jumped on.

I've been playing a lot of _Arc Raiders_ lately and I'm getting close to **200 hours played**! I think we will reach that milestone next week. For now I'm just trying to regain after all my stash getting cleared out after the trials. You can check out my streams over on YouTube, my playing name is [Mechascopic](https://www.youtube.com/@mechascopic). The Fireflies are the worst.

I've been walking a bunch more, especially at the pool. The other day I took the dog for a 3-mile walk, then worked at the pool and my total steps for the day were around 20,000! I may need better shoes than flip-flops... my feet need some cushion.

This weekend was also busy! We had two climbing competitions to go to in one weekend: one to watch the kiddo compete in, and one to work at. The Competing one was great because we had somebody to root for. Though found out that he had no coach, or anybody else, at the competition to help him or any of the team. That was pretty dissapointing. Found all this out after the competition. Makes me want to rethink the team that the kiddo is on. If they want to continue competing we may look for a new team before the next season. Anyways, they did great and we are super proud of them. They were also very proud of themselves, which we love to hear. 

Looking forward to calmer days next week.

**Reading:**
- _The Fellowship of the Ring_
- _Crooked Kingdom_
- _A Promised Land_
- _Wings of Fire: The Flames of Hope_

**Watching:**
- _Mythic Quest_, season 4