---
pubDate: 2026-05-31T23:00:00Z
heroImage: "/src/assets/images/blog/2026-05-31.png"
---

The closer I get to turning 50 the more I dislike leaving thing until later to start or work on. I'm getting impatient, realizing that my time is finite, realizing that I am not comfortable with the way things are, wanting to make things better for me and my family. I'm also finding it difficult to accept that right now I don't have the means (time and/or money) to make these things happen. I want progress and I want it now!

It's been an interesting week. My hives have been coming and going and now I have seen them almost all over my body. This is not an accomplishment, merely a statement. I am very much looking forward to the allergist appointment I have scheduled for the 9th. Oh well, guess I need to find that patience that I was talking about in the opening here.

Some things I need to wait for because they are out of my control. Other things I are in my control but are out of my control because of another thing (hello again, time and/or money). Some things I just can not control atall because they are so far removed from me because it is an ingrained system that I alone can not change (state of the world). 

We went to a Quaker Silent Meeting today. It was nice to go back to one. It's been a while since I've been to an actual one. Meditation always feels like one, but that's just me. I miss the communal aspect of them, and I also miss the nature aspect of the ones I love from my summer camp days. It reminds me to appreciate the little things, such as the fireflies (lightning bugs?) lighting up outside my window. Those things we can take for granted (can we take a firefly for granted?) and just miss every day. 

The days just go too quickly for my liking.

It's been less rainy this week than the weather apps said it was going to be. That's nice, but I've been so itchy that I have not wanted to do much outside. I am looking forward to feeling less itchy and like I can enjoy outside.

The kiddo has started on their Summer Challenges. They started doing some typing, have started reading _The Hunger Game_, started biking their 50 miles, and have been helping load/unload the dishwasher. It's been awesome! I think this might be a big summer of growth and I am super excited about it.

Not much else to talk about here. Yet. More next week, I'm sure.

Until next time, good luck out there!

**Reading:**
- _Rock, Paper, Incisors_, by Amy Timberlake
- _The Fellowship of the Ring_, by J.R.R. Tolkien
- _The Kaiju Preservation Society_, by John Scalzi
- _Class Clown_, by Dave Barry
- _On the Edge of the Sea of Darkness_, by Andrew Peterson

**Watching:**
- _Your Friends & Neighbors_, season 2
- _For All Mankind_, season 5
- _Criminal Record_, season 1
- _Palm Royal_, season 1
- _Andor_, season 1