---
pubDate: 2026-05-03T00:00:00-05:00
heroImage: "/src/assets/images/blog/2026-05-03.png"
---

You know what sucks, poison ivy. I've been battling it all week. It showed up on Monday and has spread across my arms, belly, chest. It's been pretty awfull. Yesterday I went to urgent care and got some steroids and cream and hopefuly I am on the mend. I don't want to itch. I don't want to have anymore bad sleeping nights.

Besides that unfortunateness, the weather has been cooler, which has been nice. Though I wish we could stay a little consistent and not have such wildly drastic highs and lows.

Because of the poison ivy and the weather I did not bike to work this week. I've missed it, but I just don't feel like being sweaty and itchy from the poison ivy. I'm hoping the next week I feel more into doing this, or anything.

I drove for a school field trip this week to [PARI](https://www.pari.edu), which was very cool. It's an old NASA site that was later handed over to the DOD to spy on Russia. Now it's privately owned and does a lot of teaching, camps, and field trips. A very cool place.

I've been catching up on a lot of TV shows this week. It's been nice to clear out the TV queue a little bit. Plus it's been giving me some time to work on some project while on the couch.

Oh, I have two interviews for jobs this upcoming week. Fingers crossed!

Until next time, good luck out there!

**Reading:**
- _Rock, Paper, Incisors_, by Amy Timberlake
- _The Fellowship of the Ring_, by J.R.R. Tolkien
- _Project Hail Mary_, by Andy Weir
- _Becoming_, by Michelle Obama
- _On the Edge of the Sea of Darkness_, by Andrew Peterson

**Watching:**
- _Presumed Innocent_, season 1
- _Your Friends & Neighbors_, season 2
- _Monarch: Legacy of Monsters_, season 2
- _For All Mankind_, season 5
- _Daredevil: Born Again_, season 2
- _Maul_, season 1
- _Obi-Wan Kenobi_, season 1
