---
pubDate: 2026-03-08T00:00:00-05:00
heroImage: "/src/assets/images/blog/2026-03-08.png"
---

I found out that the best time to go grocery shopping is 8:30am on Monday morning. The store was deserted and I was in and out in about 20 minutes. It was amazing!

Being sick stinks. Do not reccomend. Been dealing with that all week. HOw can a noe feel stuffy but also drippy? Finally today I'm feeling better, but all week it's been on and off.

I heard back from Google AdSense about one of my projects this week. They said it has low-value content. That was dissapointing as I thought it was higher value content. So I've made some changes to the project and I am going to let it sit for a while. My thought is that not all the pages were indexed by Google, and it was a fairly new domain. Perhaps a little more indexing and time on the interwebs will hel pit be higher value content.

The weather has changed here and now it feels like Spring. Plants are starting to bloom, bud, or sprout new shoots. The weather feels warmer and different, and it's got rain on the forecast for the week. My gardens really need some attention. I have things i want to pull up, things to trim, and things to redo. I just haven't given myself the time to get out there. I have to work on getting out there.

I started making a giant playlist this week. I want to go through allmy music and pull out the songs I like into one main playlist. So I started that this week. Only halfway through the week I went back to it and 4/5 of the songs I had added were not in it anymore! So, now I'm starting again. I cleared the playlist and I'm goig through my songs alphabetically starting with A. Right now I've gone through A and B and I already have 292 songs on the playlist. This had better not mess up again or I might be done with this project.

It's Spring Break in the house for the next two weeks. It's going to be interesting to figure out kid-care as I now have a job where they can't really hang out with me. I think we will have to figure that out today or the week is going to feel hectic.

Good luck out there, everybody!

**Reading:**
- _The Lord of the Ring_
- _Crooked Kingdom_
- _A Promised Land_
- _Wings of Fire: The Flames of Hope_

**Watching:**
- _Mythic Quest_, season 4