---
pubDate: 2026-05-17T23:00:00Z
heroImage: "/src/assets/images/blog/2026-05-17.png"
---

**Monday**
Super tired today. I did allow myself enough sleep last night and now I am paying the price. At least work this morning went quickly. Some quick grocery shopping and an early dinner of a new variety of Goodles: Thrilled Cheese! Not a bad falvor, but I don't think my favorite. I don't think Goodles are my favorite. I quite like the Annie's boxed mac n' cheese. Of course that's after the version I make from scratch.

**Tuesday**
I woke up this morning with a fat lip! Seems like an allergic reaction to something. The right-side of my mouth (lips and cheek) and swollen and numb. Urgent Care opens at 8am, so I'm waiting to go there a little after 8. I'm so sick of something being wrong with me, I just want to feel good!

Well, the doctor said it looks like an allergic reaction. They gave me a shot of steroids, as well as a prescription for more steroids, despite me just having finished a course of pills two days ago!

This morning was supposed to be about [streaming](https://twitch.tv/mechascopic), getting rid of yard waste, walking Meatball, and then working. I love it when a plan falls apart due to swollen lips!

Well, after a day of walking (~17K steps) and a shot of steroids my lips are looking much better! I hope they continue to stay "normal" and I don't wake up tomorrow like I did this morning. 

I'm not sure I like this day-by-day blogging. It almost feels like I am just doing a recap of each day and not really writing about a topic. I may finish out this week and go back to how things were for next week (and beyond). Going to think about that.

**Wednesday**
Today was a lovely with no work! I recovered from the ordeal that was yesterday, [streamed](https://twitch.tv/mechascopic), read, and just enjoyed the day.

**Thursday**
Well, another day another swollen area. Today it's the right side of my tongue. I think the culprit might be peanuts and chocolate chips. I've ben having little bowls of these as a quick snack. It's pretty tasty. For the chocolate chips I just use Nestle's Semi-Sweet Chocolate Chips. But this is my first suspect for the swelling. I'm going to cut out this tasty treat for now.

Oh, I also signed up for a course at work which will teach me how to do swim lessons! I'm excited for that.

I'm also starting as a Wellness Coach at work! I met with the manager today about it and things are moving right ahead with that position!

**Friday**
No swelling today, yet. Fingers crossed that none shows up. A slow day at work, which is sometimes nice. It makes the hours take longer, but less people to kep track of in the pool.

Started the Swim Instructor course this evening. We did some swimming tests and some classroom stuff. I'm nervous about the swim lessons we need to "teach" to the rest of the class, but I can overcome those nerves.

**Saturday**
Such a lovely day today!

More swim instructor class today, and the mock swim lesson. It was actually fine, though I have more learning to do, but that will come with actually doing it and getting into the groove. We did a bunch of classroom stuff, but we were in the pool for what felt like a while. I wore my kayaking neoprene top to help keep warm. It's funny that a pool that cab b3 82ºF can feel cold, but it does. 

**Sunday**
Woke up with another swollen section of my mouth. Today it was the left corner of my mouth. I took Benadryl for it to see how that would affect it. Mostly it affected me. Made me so sleepy! I did take two pills, so maybe that was the reason? Because of the reaction to the Benadryl and the fact that I couldn't eat or really drink because my mouth was so swollen, I didn't finish my swim instructor class today. I'm bummed about that. I suppose I will need to take the course again.

I'm really frustrated by this swelling. It feels like things have been tough since 2024 and I've just been playing catch up. I'm super tired of having to deal with things. I hope that this swelling is just a reaction to so many steroids in my body after the poison ivy. I don't really want to have an allergy or some sort of inflamatory disease. 

Anyways, it was a bit of a bummer of a day today. I hope your's was better than mine

Until next time, good luck out there!

**Reading:**
- _Rock, Paper, Incisors_, by Amy Timberlake
- _The Fellowship of the Ring_, by J.R.R. Tolkien
- _Platform Decay_, by Mary Roach
- _Becoming_, by Michelle Obama
- _On the Edge of the Sea of Darkness_, by Andrew Peterson

**Watching:**
- _Your Friends & Neighbors_, season 2
- _For All Mankind_, season 5
- _The Acolyte_, season 1