---
pubDate: 2026-06-21T23:00:00Z
heroImage: "/src/assets/images/blog/2026-06-21.png"
---

Look at these beautiful buttons on my button bush!

I have a new position at work. Not that I left my old position, it's a second position, so now I have two. This one uses Teams Shifts for scheduling. It is awful and I hates it. So much so that I have started working on an add-on to it that one could install in Teams and it will add the missing functionailty such as being able to subscribe to a calendar to show you your shifts. It also asks for your availability, as opposed to your unavailability. It's such an odd little thing, but adding in your availability for a day is so odd. If I have a thing in the middle of the day but I can work before and after I have to enter two things as opposed to just entering the times when I am not available. It feels so backwards and as I mentioned above, I hates it.

Otherwise the week has been good. I have been a bachelor this week so I have been catching up on movies that only I have been wanting to see: _Nobody 2_, _Dust Bunnies_, _The Running Man (2025)_, and _Avatar: Fire and Ash_. There was definitely a theme in the movies I watched, and I'm glad to have watched them, but .maybe I could have done more with my time?

I was going to start work on compost bins this week, but I kind of chickened out. I think I was a litle scared of failing at making compost bins. Weird, but I'm pretty sure that's why I didn't once go get the lumber. Maybe in the next couple weeks I can do it. I would definitely like to get started on these before it gets too cold. I want a good warm base of compost before winter.

Still looking into another new job, but one to take the place of all the other ones, which would be nice. Plus it would have benefits. Benefits are also nice.

I had a couple welts on my body this week so I upped my Cetirizine dose from two to three pills. Fingers crossed that I don't have to up it again!

Until next time, good luck out there!

**Reading:**
- _The Fellowship of the Ring_, by J.R.R. Tolkien
- _The Ending Writes Itself_, by Evelyn Clarke
- _Class Clown_, by Dave Barry

**Watching:**
- _Futurama_, season 1
- _The Bear_, season 4