---
pubDate: 2026-05-10T00:00:00-05:00
heroImage: "/src/assets/images/blog/2026-05-10.png"
---

A little different format this week. I'm going to do daily updates!

**Monday**
Ugh, today was awful. I was so tired all day thanks to this poison ivy medication and having a long Sunday. Tonight is going to be early to bed. Not doing anything extra today, just what needs to get done.

**Tuesday**
Felt so much better today! I got just over 8 hours of sleep. Well rested and way less itchy. My poison ivy rash is also looking much better. I can see the light at the end of the tunnell!

I tried to go grocery shopping yesterday, and one of the stores we go to is Aldi, which is awesome. Of course I forgot a quarter so I postponed the Aldi adventure until today when I could remember a quarter. I like this little "gimmick" of theirs, but it also drives me bonkers when I forget a quarter. Such a little thing to prevent you from using a quarter. What they could do is provide a change machine out near the carts so if you do forget a quarter you can make change and get one. Perhaps I should pitch this idea to them

Tonight is another early night because I need to get to work at 5:15am tomorrow, yipes!

**Wednesday**
Today was a long day at work. I opened the pool at 5:15am, which meant that I had to get up around 4am. Then I worked until noon! very tired the rest of the day, but at least I had gotten all my stuff done nice and early.

We were supposed to go to the library after school, but we were both so tired that we just went home and had a liesurly day.

**Thursday**
More work at the pool today, but we also had a Safety Around Water class for some local 2nd graders. It's always so fun to watch them in the pool. They get so excited and have so much fun despite it being only about 30 minutes that they are in the pool.

Also I was reminded today that I can learn how to do swim lessons and make double what I normally make in an hour, so I am signing up for that class which will be the next weekend. Huzzah!

**Friday**
Short and early work day today. Again, always nice to get things done early.

Went over some friends house for family dinner and s'mores. That was fun, and a nice change of pace. I was super tired from the week, but was able to rally for several hours.

**Saturday**
Lounging day today. We were going to go to the farmer's market, but were unable to thanks to private practice work. Oh well. At least I ewas able to finish _Project: Hail Mary_. I enjoyed the book quite a bit, as I have all Andy Weir books so far. I will be curious to see the movie!

**Sunday**
Mother's Day! We made french toast for breakfast, went to get some herbs that we didn't get yesterday at the farmer's market, planted them, and went for a little bike ride around the neighborhood. A good day overall.

Oh, and I finished my poison ivy medication!

Until next time, good luck out there!

**Reading:**
- _Rock, Paper, Incisors_, by Amy Timberlake
- _The Fellowship of the Ring_, by J.R.R. Tolkien
- _Project Hail Mary_, by Andy Weir
- _Becoming_, by Michelle Obama
- _On the Edge of the Sea of Darkness_, by Andrew Peterson

**Watching:**
- _Your Friends & Neighbors_, season 2
- _Monarch: Legacy of Monsters_, season 2
- _For All Mankind_, season 5
- _Daredevil: Born Again_, season 2
- _Maul_, season 1
- _Obi-Wan Kenobi_, season 1
