---
pubDate: 2026-06-14T23:00:00Z
heroImage: "/src/assets/images/blog/2026-06-14.png"
---

The allergist says I am not allergic to anything! My body is just having a wild reaction to the poison ivy and my histamines are going bananas. They've put me on a double dose of Cetirizine (Generic Zyrtec). The dose may go up if things don't get better, but as of today they seem pretty darn good! (knock on wood) I have had no swelling, welts, or anything in the past six days!! It's been great to start to feel myself again. I can't wait to get back into everything that has felt like too much for the past 6 weeks.

I've been busy hard at work guarding those lives at the pool. Trying to get as many hours as I can and also still have enough time for family and home stuff. So far so good. I think I can easily balance this work-load. It will be interesting once I start to work Wellness and the Front Desk as well. It could be a lot of running around, but we will see. 

I've also been hard at work working on <a href="https://dogeared.app" target="_blank">Dogeared</a>, trying to get that cleaned up enough so I can start to get some other users using it. I think I may need to do a search ad so it comes up when people search for something similar. I hope it takes off, though the amount I use the services that it runs on will go up and that will incur costs, but that's life and progress. And perhaps something will come of it, who knows?

I've also been working on <a href="/projects/cairn/">Cairn, the facility operations platform</a>. I'm liking where this is at and I think it's time to get some feedback from others and stop building it in my own bubble. I know there's work to be done on it, but I need to not get too far into it (I may already be?) before I get feedback. I need a wider set of eyes looking at it. Maybe I need to look into how best to do user testing. Actually remove that maybe, I should do that. It would generally be helpful for me to know that, and I think it would be beneficial in this instance. 

Because of Cairn and Dogeared I also started a LLC to house them under in case they do become something. Figured it was time to take that plunge and see where things go. Fingers crossed.

Oh, I also built a site for having a Quaker meeting in our backyard. That freaked out my partner a bit, the reality of what I had been talking about with her. I feel that she needs some time to think about it before we talk about it more. Still something I think we could do, but there's no rush. 

The ceiling in the living room is still wet, and we still have the loudest dehumidifyer in there acting as our house-wide white-noise machine. It's so lovely. Turns out we do have asbestos in our ceiling, so that's adding a nice bit of work to the mix. On the bright side it's good to know that. On eht dim side it's too bad we can't just get it out of the whole house all at once. Oh well, baby steps. Right now we deal with the ceiling. Next we deal with the particle board in the attic that is absorbing moisture, warping, cracking, and needs to be replaced. 

We finally pulled up all the hay in the front garden and it looks so much better. Then I went out with a bunch of wildflower seeds and planted them. Hopefuly some of them come up this year. We also finished pulling up all the old/bad plants from the backyard pollinator garden. Then I put down cardboard and covered that with a tarp to try and kill all the rest of it. I didn't have enough cardboard, nor a big enough tarp, so I am getting the bulk of the garden, just not the edges. Again, baby steps. The next outdoors project is compost bins. I'm going to build <a href="https://homesteadandchill.com/how-to-build-a-compost-bin-tutorial/" target="_blank">these ones that I found online</a>, it's a three-bin setup, and I think we will need it. We have so much compost it's bananas. Plus we could use a bunch of good compost in the yard. I think in the next two weeks I could have these completed. Of course with my recent battle with poison ivy I am a little reluctant to do work in the backyard. I just need to remember to take precautions: wear pants and long sleeves, wash thoroughly after working out there, wash all the clothes right after the work.

I also want to get cleaning in the house. Now that everything is out of our living room, minus the TV on the wall and the dehumidifyer, we have that stuff stored in other rooms and things are feeling tight. Makes me want to load it all up in the van and take it to Goodwill. I can't really do that, because we have uses for this stuff, but a guy can dream, can't he?

Until next time, good luck out there!

**Reading:**
- _Rock, Paper, Incisors_, by Amy Timberlake
- _The Fellowship of the Ring_, by J.R.R. Tolkien
- _The Ending Writes Itself_, by Evelyn Clarke
- _Class Clown_, by Dave Barry
- _On the Edge of the Sea of Darkness_, by Andrew Peterson

**Watching:**
- _Criminal Record_, season 2
- _Futurama_, season 1
- _The Bear_, season 4
- _Prime Target_, season 1
- _Andor_, season 1